Cricket Icon: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you, I'm good, how are you
Cricket Icon: I'm doing good. Just enjoying my morning on the kids in today's just enjoying
Cricket Icon: Them yeah syndrome. I made me some breakfast in that way for them to get up, you should be an opinion. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get my email.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, but it didn't let me pull up the link
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So all it
Cricket Icon: Would I would go to the link and then it says it would say, I'm unable to open due to, I don't know, I can't remember what it said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see what I can do about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going this week.
Cricket Icon: Good everything going good. Just still kind of just dressing. Our just about the RAND just closed for my daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that link that I sent you.
Cricket Icon: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is like four or five places to be able to call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see about getting help. Here it is.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
Cricket Icon: Maybe
Cricket Icon: I could write them down or worse.
Cricket Icon: Than I probably I probably
Cricket Icon: I'm probably aware of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll show you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Can you see him.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder if I could just copy them and put them in an email.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like some of these, you know, don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pertain to you like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Domestic Violence Resource Center.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Safe hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you've got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Story house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning Star help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The beret foundation
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would. Those were the ones that I would call this came from one of the therapist that I work with in Mexico.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
Cricket Icon: Let me take a snap a snapshot of this real quick.
Cricket Icon: Let me take a snapshot because it goes. Whoo.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me try it this way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello crazy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways, I just sent it to again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Only in an email.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
With the info.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there are a couple to check
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About clothes.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so it's in your email.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So. How have things been progressing for you.
Cricket Icon: I would say good
Cricket Icon: It seems to be playing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you doing with teaching the kids at school.
Cricket Icon: Actually what
Cricket Icon: I'm sorry I hear my son crank and it puts on hold. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Cricket Icon: Sorry, I'm sorry, it just
Cricket Icon: Has okay my son in the UK. Good enough. And I have to get him entertainment down till I finished my because you want to breakfast. And I was like, you're gonna
Cricket Icon: Finish my meeting he goes on. I got them entertained. Um. But anyways, where we left off is on you were asking me how I was keeping the kids busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: Yeah. Um, so there's this
Cricket Icon: Really cool toy. Well, it's not a toy, but it's it's like a learning kit that I bought for my my five year old. I'm
Cricket Icon: Like, let me see, let me see if I can show you. It's really, really neat like it's kind of like it's kind of like, it's like if he's out. Like, like, like in school as a little desk.
Cricket Icon: He could trace his letters, you could trace his numbers on it has like all the buttons on it that has like all the alphabet and the numbers and when he pushes the numbers like it says the sound of the number gives an example like a for Apple. Apple
Cricket Icon: Angels app.
Cricket Icon: You know, and it just, it's really cool. It's called an explorer and right activity desk, but
Yeah.
If I could get the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: is cool. I can see it.
Cricket Icon: Can you see, yeah.
Yeah.
Cricket Icon: So, uh, has, like, like everything. See like like he good Chica traces letters.
Cricket Icon: Right, you know, right there.
Cricket Icon: It's for one or the chalkboard the chalkboard in the back. I'm like all right here is where he has all his letters and numbers.
Cricket Icon: Eclipse.
Cricket Icon: Like when he pushes the button. What, like it. Good. Tom to spell like spell a word and then he goes to the back of the chalkboard, and he spells it and if he if he needs help. He just needs to go back and push the button again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's really cool.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, it's, it's pretty awesome. It has 85 vocabulary words 15 learning activities and 20 songs and melodies teachers letters, numbers and stroke orders and tools law school and still included so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah likes it.
Cricket Icon: I haven't gave it to him yet due to the fact that on
Cricket Icon: The guy had told you before, I'm sorry my allergies are like really that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
That's okay.
Cricket Icon: Um,
Cricket Icon: What I had to do before I make my will not make but I I like my children to earn, what would they get
Cricket Icon: Yeah, well, so I'm like he has his, his monthly calendar and and you know if he's good all day, you'll get all three stickers you get three stickers at day one in the morning, afternoon, and night.
Cricket Icon: So, so, like, let's say, for instance, if I have to ask him more than twice to go put his pajamas on then I'll tell him boy sticker.
Cricket Icon: But, but, but, but I tell him. Okay, you can make up for that you could on it when when I asked you to brush your teeth. If I ask you one time and he do with that one time, then you, you could gain back your sticker.
Cricket Icon: So, so it so it really, really works with his mind. So he's like, okay, I got, I got a sticker taken away because I didn't this and the first time or she asked me to get dressed. So now she asked me to brush my teeth.
Cricket Icon: I'm not sure I'm I don't want to ask me a second time. So he goes to the bathroom and he gets to the fullest. He has a little store, you know that he pulls around with him because he's not tall enough
Cricket Icon: And he goes and brushes his teeth right away and then we'll just wait for me to say it. And I'll be like, Okay, did you brush your teeth, and he shows me then.
Cricket Icon: They look all nice and pretty clean. I'm like, okay, they look clean and then I just stay quiet and he just waiting and waiting to see if I'm going to give him a sticker back
Cricket Icon: In because I want to see if he's gonna, you know, throw a fan or start throwing
Cricket Icon: You know, sorry, baby. And then I want my sticker back and I brushed my teeth and I listened and, you know, so I just kind of put it off and he's grown his grown to learn to just be patient and and and just
Cricket Icon: not overreact because you never know what's the what's what's. Well, I could be thinking you know i good on be thinking just just like just gotten him last night like you. You can't overreact about something because
Cricket Icon: If I say no. The first time I could be testing you just to see how you're going to act.
Cricket Icon: And if you throw your if you say on that, that's all nonsense and you know goes and throws himself on the couch and start acting like a baby and I'm like month so that he can he get you nowhere.
Cricket Icon: That's not going to get to know where at all. All you need to do is say, okay, Mom. I understand. And that's it. You know, whatever the situation is
Cricket Icon: That's all you have to say is, OK, Mom, I understand and and then you'll end up getting what you'll want because you behave
Cricket Icon: You know, so, so I'm like, like last night. I am an incident had happened to where it had came to him getting dressed and I had to ask them a second time, so
Cricket Icon: So I had to go sticker away. Plus, his video game his time was up on his video game, but his father had even 15 more minutes before before he was ready before it's time for bed.
Cricket Icon: So I told his father, he's not going to get that 15 minutes unless he were in SE were to brush his teeth without me having to ask him a second time.
Cricket Icon: So I asked him to brush his teeth and he brushed them and he didn't. He didn't bother me after that you just wait it for me to just respond on my own. So finally, like about
Cricket Icon: 20 minutes later when when he was getting ready to get tucked in and all that and we took his video games. I mean that I told him you know what month is you got you got your star back
Cricket Icon: I said you because you you listened. The first time when I asked you to brush your teeth. I told him so that that's all you have to do. You didn't throw a fit.
Cricket Icon: I mean, not a fit, but you didn't throw yourself on the couch and start you know like whining that, you know, Tom. You're not a baby you know you need to act like a five year old, you know,
Cricket Icon: I know, I know you're not you're not grown or you're not not grown but you know you're in between, you're growing
Cricket Icon: So you need to start learning responsibilities and you need to start taking responsibility for your own actions.
Cricket Icon: So if you did something wrong. Like, like for instance, um, you accidentally kick the juice over on the carpet and automatically deny it. I didn't do that. And it's like, I just saw you do that it's. And so I started teaching him.
Cricket Icon: To take responsibility for his own actions because if I don't teach in it. If I don't teach him that now in life, later on in life.
Cricket Icon: He's not he's not going to know what to do in a situation like that happen all he's going to do is be in denial, all the time.
Cricket Icon: And you can get you can get through, through nobody by talking through like by by talking to them or you can get through anything without taking responsibility for your actions. So he's he's doing that as well to
Cricket Icon: Him being out of school. You know, it's, it's very difficult for for the father and I like the father comes over, over every day and hopefully take care of them.
Cricket Icon: All day and then you call it goes home and it just, it was same routine every day, but at least have his father to help me discipline him but um he's he's really really has has
Cricket Icon: has grasped on to everything that that you know that I'm that I'm trying to not trying, but that I am showing him. He's progress like 100% so
Cricket Icon: I mean, he's doing great. He's doing great out of school. Besides the fact that he misses his friends of course mean
Cricket Icon: Etc. And being that we can't do that, due to this coronavirus, you know, so, um, you know, I take him and his brother, while before they they put the lead the yellow tight. The yellow tape around the playground. I was taking sorry my allergies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Cricket Icon: It's going to my throat. It's getting to my nose. My eyes.
Cricket Icon: So, um, before the, the yellow tape was around, I would take him in his brother to go at the park for like 15 minutes, you know, we would ponder mass gloves.
Cricket Icon: You know, and stuff and constantly washing their hands in that. But, um, I mean, now we can do nothing, or go nowhere you know because I'm just really, really scared to catch to catch it such an awful sickness, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, little deeds death. So, um, so just at this point. I mean, I'm just trying to just by, you know, fun activities like that.
Cricket Icon: To keep the kids busy as well as teaching them something. It's not just a video game that they're just stuck on and they're not learning nothing
Cricket Icon: Yeah, yeah. So I got my son that and on Monday, my, my son turned one Mikkel Carlitos and like I said, we just had K for him in a little meal I bought in this little toy. I don't know if you see it, but it had like the balls and you could throw me in, you know, turn it on. It's like you
Cricket Icon: Put a man
Cricket Icon: throws the ball that him and stuff. And it teaches them his his his ABC and 123 years and it's interesting. So, you know, it teaches them I coordination and
Cricket Icon: Hand coordination, you know, hearing it teaches them a lot of stuff I've noticed when he plays with it. He has a blast. He's like, in, in his own little world. He's like, leave me alone. This is my little sanctuary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good.
Cricket Icon: Yeah. But other than that, I mean, my daughter. She's doing great, she's you know she's keeping up on work on her work with all
Cricket Icon: She's on having to get on on like
Cricket Icon: You know, like, like the way elementary school class Dojo
Cricket Icon: Yeah, I didn't know that.
Cricket Icon: But
Cricket Icon: Just, just as long as she keeps up on her work. She's good. But her teachers. Keep in touch with me once a week.
Cricket Icon: Just to let me watch again on a work.
Cricket Icon: If she's missed any assignments. If so, for her to get them done. You know, etc. Just, just so I can you know keep tabs on her in that way. So they're, they're all doing good, they're all doing good. They're all stable.
Cricket Icon: In my I'm doing my best to to to keep them you know progressing and learning and growing.
Cricket Icon: You know, since this with them is going on and then I will to learn at school. So it's mine and follow the responsibility to continue that. So that's, that's where we are. That's where we stand right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. It's a good place. You know, to be. What are you doing, how are you doing with your self care and taking care of yourself.
Cricket Icon: I'm I'm taking care of myself. I'm know wow you know i. As you can see, I haven't made that scented shower I oh I really enjoyed my morning and goes a quiet morning just in the time that the kids in a wake up at 6:37am
Cricket Icon: Going to go over that house. This is like the first morning so I was like his father actually should be coming any minute now. And I was like, Oh my gosh, this is my first morning I made a toast and you know some some
Cricket Icon: Some HOT LINKS and you know I had a good breakfast with some orange juice and stuff and you know I have just watching a show on Netflix and, you know, just kind of enjoying my little my little me time until the kids get up. So they're
Cricket Icon: Not now.
Cricket Icon: But like I said, My he thought he just he staying busy until, until my meetings done and then I gotta start all over. And
Cricket Icon: Make them breakfast. Get them fed, get them dressed and then have to get on class Dojo for my five year old from one says, I'm at 1030 so
Cricket Icon: I have to get them fed and dressed and bay, then all that before. Excuse me. But before we enter his classroom and and see what his teacher suggest for us to do next.
Cricket Icon: She's always like suggesting different things like on draw, draw a picture of what what you think Miss Amy looks like or
Cricket Icon: I call her Miss Amy, but they call him, Miss. Miss. Miss, miss. Braden, Miss Braden, so like, you know, though, like, give them a little assignment like that.
Cricket Icon: And then whenever we see we see the her and we see them on Wednesdays and Thursdays, even though, you know, we will show the picture and be like, well, this is what month is things. You look like you know
Cricket Icon: Are. This is what he thinks he remembers you look like from the last time we saw you, you know, two months ago or so, month and a half ago or so.
Cricket Icon: Oh yeah, you know, just give so just get different different you know just idea to just keep the kids busy, but it's really, it's really nice. It's nice.
Cricket Icon: I really, I really enjoy it. I enjoy the fact that I see my son smiling when you see this friends and, you know, just, just to see him happy. It makes me happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, definitely. Any, anything happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your stimulus that come through yet.
Cricket Icon: Um, as a matter of fact, they told me that the latest is Friday, but but the thing is is I don't know how to go about it because I didn't claim my son wanted on these taxes.
Cricket Icon: Due to how I was telling you what the State if the state was claiming them or what, but I've had Montez since like January. So I've had him all year. So
Cricket Icon: I don't know who to get in contact with to see about getting his his his amount of money because they're they're only telling me that I'm only going to get for me and my and my two kids that I cleaned up my taxes.
Cricket Icon: Claimed in 2018 but not 19 but um I mean I need, I need his, his, um, his check as well, too, because
Cricket Icon: The $500 is they they get $500 teach kids so you know the course of $500 I'm going to spend on my teenager. The $500 to spend on my baby. And then what about him.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, and and and then of course if they don't give it to me, of course. I'm going to buy him stuff out of, out of what they gave me but but with what but with the one I have, I need to use that on putting a deposit on to into another house and you know they they charge application fees.
Cricket Icon: Now,
Cricket Icon: That drop. I mean, it's $900 you know first month's rent everything. So that's what I was looking forward to that going to, so I'm gonna I'm gonna call. I'm going to call the
Cricket Icon: I'm not too sure what his name is. I think it. I think it's the IRS. The gentleman that that me when my check would be in
Cricket Icon: I'm going to call him to him about it and see what he says how how I go about that because I'm my son does deserve a check, you know,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, he with me. He's not with the state, he has to be able to state since January so um and I have a letter stating that you know that they its own since it's on on on sustained.
Cricket Icon: Meaning that it's over with his. Oh, I mean, I don't know why he wouldn't be approved for for the tech for the stimulus check
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: He should be
Cricket Icon: Handled in that, you know, hopefully, it might even be in the mail today when the mailman comes either today or tomorrow or Friday, but one of these days, he said he's all by, by the end of the week. It has to be in for sure. By the end of the week because it was sent out on the 24th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about. Let me ask you if you tried to apply for unemployment.
Cricket Icon: Unemployment, no I didn't apply for unemployment, I ended up picking up three hours at work.
Cricket Icon: And picking up that work. I found a client that that was willing to lead me in their house with this sickness going on just long so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wearing gloves.
Cricket Icon: And a mask so
Okay.
Cricket Icon: I mean, okay. I have, it's actually better I should have when I should just go and apply for unemployment, because everybody that's getting employment is getting 1200 dollars we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they're getting what they would normally get an unemployment plus and added $600
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A week. So that's why, like people are making more money on unemployment right now than they are the regular job.
Cricket Icon: Interesting. Very, very interesting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It really is in it because you're working. How many hours a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: three so three hours a week. You know what I mean, I don't see why you wouldn't qualify for, you know, to get it for a little bit. Any little bit helps.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: Yeah, if I if I'm only working three. I mean, I'm, I'm sorry, not three hours a week, three hours a day. So 20 hours a week.
Cricket Icon: If I'm on much when many hours a week what it will I still approve or for unemployment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your hours were cut in half right.
Cricket Icon: Um,
Cricket Icon: Yes, yes, yes, they were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the idea is to help compensate for the hours that you have lost, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's definitely you know something for you to look into to help with your financial situation, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: OK. OK, I will give you a call back. Okay, I'm so sorry.
Cricket Icon: I really do apologize. My sister's Kona. Then she said that it's urgent to answer. I'm sorry.
Cricket Icon: No, that's okay. Can you go on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I was just gonna say it's worth checking into to see if you qualify for it. It will help you financially.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So okay, so just even if you look into it and they say no, you don't qualify. At least you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah, totally. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't see why you wouldn't when you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your hours have been cut in half.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's some kind of help to financially something to look into. Okay.
Um, alright,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go, go. Attend to your emergency. All right. Who's Carlita. Your client.
Cricket Icon: Who
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it that you that you have to go check on
Cricket Icon: On. Oh, that was my sister, she called
Cricket Icon: She called and said, If I could just call her back, but it's urgent.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It scared me. I was like, Okay, I gotta go check on some bye
Cricket Icon: All the kids. The kids are fine. The kids are fine. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're doing good on self care and you're doing good with the kids. You're getting a little bit of money in call those resources that I gave you to see if they can help you with clothes. I'm still searching, just to let you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your area. Okay, that was just what I got from one of the therapist as far as resources go in your area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm still waiting for emails from a few of the other ones in New Mexico, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just check it out, you know, see what you can come up with and see
Cricket Icon: How
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Close.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, any little bit can help right now.
Cricket Icon: You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: No more me about it. Yes, yes.
Cricket Icon: So really, really work. It would really, really help a lot.
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
I believe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're in a good place. Everything is good.
Cricket Icon: Yeah yeah okay to stay positive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. I'm glad. Keep up the good work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm gonna let me
Cricket Icon: go about your day to day. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, see new place.
Cricket Icon: Sounds sounds great. If you could just if you could just write Dr candle just every, every session after we end it. You could just
Cricket Icon: Just write her thing I just ended a session with throw somebody out of metal because she gets on like yesterday in group. She told me that that I missed another another session with you.
Cricket Icon: Oh, you did and i've been i've been consistent already what like this is my fifth my fifth them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For it. Yeah, yeah. Then
Cricket Icon: And she she keeps on telling me, and I don't wanna. I don't want to argue with her, of course, because she's, she's a really good doctor. But she's like, No, I'm gonna keep you on keeping you on your on your weakness for now because
Cricket Icon: Because you missed you missed last week with with Rebecca and I'm like, No, I didn't.
Cricket Icon: I told her, Rebecca had advised me that you, that she emailed us stating that that know that that I I've been keeping my appointments with her. So if you could just write her and just let her know because it's really, really confusing things and throwing me back.
Cricket Icon: So now, so now she's saying that that since since I missed. I don't know, whatever, whatever meeting, she's talking about. I told her, the only
Cricket Icon: Meeting. I miss was about five weeks ago I told her ever since then I I have been consistent and you started to give me two weeks and then all of a sudden, you said that that I missed an appointment with her.
Cricket Icon: With. With. With. With. Rebecca, which I've haven't and you took me back to a week and she's all while while I'm
Cricket Icon: While since, well, since you missed that one five weeks ago now. Now we're going to have to wait a whole nother four weeks.
Cricket Icon: For you to swear on a whole a whole month in order for you to start your, your, your two weeks, again, and I'm like,
Cricket Icon: This just just ain't fair to me. It's not fair when she's giving people their month lease and she's literally telling them like you've, you've already missed you. You already missed to um
Cricket Icon: To up to appointment with your, with your, with your counselor, but I'm still going to give you your monthly. It's like, what
Cricket Icon: Like your, your staff give these people, their money and they missed two meetings with their counselor. Like, like right now.
Cricket Icon: Like not not in the past with me like my my my missed appointment with you was by weeks ago that valid in the past.
Cricket Icon: And and she took me back down to my weeklies and there's people that that that that aren't even going to their meetings at all. And she's still giving them their month lease and it's just unfair to me it's unfair to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I just emailed her and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Send it to her and the virtual clinic and let her know that you have been coming to your meetings with me and that you're here today and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want to see if I can
Cricket Icon: Pull up and show you
That
Cricket Icon: If you could let her know that I've been consistent the past five weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I did the
Cricket Icon: First time first first meeting we ever set up. That was the only meetings I missed. And that was five weeks ago so that that should not be held against me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know it shouldn't you're doing an awesome job.
Cricket Icon: You know, thank you. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So somebody sees me
Cricket Icon: Somebody says,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do very much so 100% you just got to know that you're doing great. Rosa. And you know what you've really kind of brought in this blanket.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Positive thinking, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Experiment that a lot of people had engaged in. You know what I mean. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: I'm glad to hear them. So really, really good that that got passed on, because it will help a lot of people get through get through a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I believe to and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I just, again, I just emailed her I was looking for my last one because I did tell her last time that you were here that you had made it you know that you were coming. So if I have to reiterate it with you know her again. Besides the emails I just sent her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then I will. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you've been doing great. And you're here and you're present you. You know what I mean. So y'all definitely have, you know, speak with her and get it work, you know, fixed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you're doing a great job you're you're you're you're doing everything you're supposed to be doing.
Cricket Icon: Okay, I really, yes. I really, really appreciate that. Thank you so much. If you could just let her know that just just just so she could, you know, think you know what, maybe she does either for were with her her two weeks instead of we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: End because
Cricket Icon: It's a difficult for me with me, having kids and that having to go and pick up my medication at six o'clock at night.
Cricket Icon: That's time on my calendar know, etc. So, and I have to pick it up to the night. Because if not, I will wake up with it. Wednesday morning, then he takes up to two hours, three hours to fill
Cricket Icon: Especially, but the narcotic. So it's just a big old hassle. So, um, it's all I have to pick it up at night and to go every week. It's hard, you know,
Cricket Icon: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, if you
Cricket Icon: Kind of just talk about that. I would greatly appreciate it. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So much
Cricket Icon: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you so much, and
Cricket Icon: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Searching for yesterday. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have a great movie that
Cricket Icon: You as a while you have a blast and stay safe. We'll see you next week. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll see you next week.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.